people rely heavily on their pension
funds they needed to survive they have
no savings they have no nest egg they
have no ability to pay their bills
except for that check that comes in the
mail if that doesn't show up they are
immediately in big trouble this will be
the fate of many when the money doesn't
appear the panic will ensue you came
here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you I want to
talk about pension funds I want to talk
about taxes I want to talk about that
let's begin look at this chart here
where you can see different cities being
highlighted here and when you have a
shortfall you have a few options so they
are discussing these options increased
taxes what else is new cut in direct non
pension spending and increase your
worker contributions so those are the
three that they suggested here none of
them are cutting back on the government
spending of course not
they will never ever do that we know
that you can scratch the head off the
list so for example you have all these
different funding gaps which you'll see
in this column here looking at the city
for example in Chicago
27% funding gap what do they do you can
increase taxation by 25 27 percent
increase your work contributions by four
hundred twenty-eight percent in the case
of Honolulu increase your worker
contributions by 76,000 percent this is
not sustainable this is not realistic
and this will never ever be accomplished
we have a crisis that is going on in the
United States today and that is the
pension fund crisis you're not allowed
to talk about it nobody wants to hear
about it and that's why you came here
for the truth when you see
this level of debt this level of
suffering that will ultimately be felt
you have to call it like it is there's
no way that the government will ever be
able to pay this back this is a Ponzi
scheme new workers pay into the system
today and they hope that when it's their
turn to get the money it will be there
but I assure you people are realizing it
already that that isn't the case and
I'll show you an example of that so hang
on now looking at the map version you
can go around look for your city that
you may be in or other cities that
you're interested in and it basically
there's this chart at the bottom here
where you'll notice the beige or tan
color being the lowest credit risk and
the red color being the highest credit
risk showing your Chikako obviously at a
high level of risk looking around
Pittsburgh Houston Austin Phoenix and
others now you can see that those were
the highest credit risk perhaps you want
to focus on them but I would suggest
that most of the cities are in the same
situation they have too much debt
whether it's an extreme amount of debt
or whether it's just a really bad amount
of debt they're still all in massive
amounts of debt and these are not ever
using generally accepted accounting
principles or GAAP they don't have to do
that you and I we have to follow those
rules and basically what it says is that
you can't hide anything but the
government well they do they're allowed
to and they do so they
have off-balance-sheet figures
what kind well what you're looking at is
all the biggest ones Medicare Medicaid
Social Security and others all of these
cities have their own off-balance-sheet
records they don't have to report it
like you and I do and it's to me fraud
if we have to report so why don't they
because of course they would show the
true insolvency of the government at
every single level there's no way this
could ever be paid back I mean I don't
know how else to say it it's fraud it's
a Ponzi scheme the iPod ratio state city
and county debt burdens percentage check
us out percentage of the municipalities
revenue required to pay the sum of
interest on net direct that the
municipalities share of unfunded pension
and retiree health care liabilities and
the defined contribution plan payments
assuming 6% plan return and a 30-year
level dollar amortization okay that's a
lot to take in
we're looking at these three different
cities counties States okay as far as
I'm concerned let's blend them in the
middle they're all suffering Chicago
congratulations you've won but there are
so many other cities that are not far
behind yes Illinois happens to be the
state here in the lead if you want to
call it that but New Jersey and others
all the way down same situation all
right imagine you would need over 60%
of your revenue just to pay garbage just
for the garbage
not even for real things not on
infrastructure not on you know buildings
and workers or whatever it is the sum of
interest on net direct debt these
central banks have created a system so
genius and yet you have the mainstream
media the government obviously and the
alternative news
all supplying funding all supporting in
one way or another these corporations
that are involved in this look if you're
going to invest in Facebook
you're basically investing in an arm of
the government and so you support that
you support the fraud and you build up
the Ponzi scheme when you invest in
corporations that are knowingly
manipulating you and I every single day
that are looking at me and the camera
that I'm facing right now which I will
close and we're supporting that for what
for no good reason you don't have to you
don't have to do that federal state
local under funded public pension
liability going up to a level that has
never been seen before
of course what is that eight trillion
its measured in the billions so I guess
that would be eight trillion my math
might be off but it doesn't matter all I
know is that what we are seeing with
pension funds is that they are
underfunded
and they are what is commonly known as
intragovernmental debt when you see the
government borrowing from itself for
things like Social Security these are
all safety nets right anything you have
these pension funds which people pay
into and I get that but ultimately you
think that they will be there when you
need it and that that's sort of where
people are wrong because it's going to
be taken away from you and I can show
you an example of that voters on Tuesday
approved cuts to the city of Dallas
civilian employee pension fund that
officials say will help keep it afloat
in the coming years that's right I mean
I covered it on here while it was
happening but Dallas is one of many
that's suffering the cuts which passed
easily the protected to eliminate about
two billion dollars in pension fund
liabilities over the next 30 years the
opposite II fully pay all of the
benefits that were promised to civilian
workers these workers don't contribute
or receive Social Security the
retirement fund that is separate from
the troubled Dallas Police and Fire
pension fund which also faces insolvency
right basically they go through and they
say that look the people in the future
they are going to have their benefits
cut that's how we'll solve the crisis no
problem let's wash our hands of this
that's really what they did pushing it
off further into the future making a few
cuts here and there and that is the way
that they'll do this you know the police
and fire will tell you the same thing
cuts the cuts are coming people aren't
ready for it but they are every time I
do a video about it there's always a
small handful of people who tell me off
and why because they really rely on this
and I'm not saying this
as sort of pointing the finger and
saying look you know you're relying on
this and this is a big mistake and you
know almost blaming people for it well
that's not the case at all
I'm warning people saying look at what's
happening it's happening already it's
happened around the world it's a global
thing it's not just the US and you have
a choice today to hope and pray that
that pension will be there or you can do
something about it right now we have
safety nets set up in our system that we
live in whether it's a social security
type benefit whether it is a pension
fund whether it is our retirement fund
like a 401k RRSP or a super and you have
to figure will they all be there when I
need them and I believe that there will
be a relatively large group of people
who need that money and it's not going
to be there for them that's what I worry
about do not rely on the safety net if
you have it coming to you great but
don't rely on it where's the beef from
The Economist magazine asset price booms
are a source of cheer but also anxiety
there are two immediate reasons to worry
first markets have been steadily rising
against the backdrop of extra ordinarily
loose monetary policy I talk about this
all the time
central bank's have kept short-term
interest rates close to zero since the
financial crisis helped depress
long-term rates by purchasing 11
trillion dollars worth of government
bonds through quantitative easing QE
only now are they starting to unwind the
policies Fed is raising rates there's
they going to sell their bond holding
supposedly other central banks
apparently will follow soon after if
they be propped up what's going to
happen if
they reverse course obviously we know
what's going to happen it's coming down
it's simply a matter of fact if the
crutch is there you pull the crutch away
what's going to happen doesn't take a
genius to figure that one out
consider for instance investors recent
willingness to buy euro bonds issued by
Iraq Ukraine Egypt at yields of around
7% there is more and more appetite for
risk and that's exactly what happened
the last time around and guess what
that's the last time that happened the
last time before that and the last time
before that and the last time before
that let me take on too much risk the
fragility exposes itself and everything
comes tumbling down if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least you found
the video me informative I know you'll
find my book somebody's GPS M a new
release global economic collapse even
more informative you can flip through
these books at Amazon links are in the
description below
take care